Create README.md (#1)
PascalCorpsman/CopyCommander: README.md

> The CopyCommander is a tool for windows/linux for queuing file-moces from one to another directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CopyCommander is a tool for windows/linux for queuing file-copy/moves from one to another directory.
```
